In this demo, we're going to look at using the WAF,
the firewall for the applications,
to create against a bucket that Globomantics has created for
Wired Brain Coffee for users to upload their pictures of their
custom coffees that they've created.
We want to protect against a specific IP address.
Let's go over to S3 and just review.
In our list of buckets, we have a Wired Brain bucket,
and it's in the Asia Pacific region, i.
e.
Sydney.
Once more users, say in Europe or the United States,
start to access this bucket,
how do I get this bucket to be quickly available for these other users?
And this bucket is for uploading,
but other customers can view what other customers have presented and uploaded.
So, we want to enable to CloudFront.
Now CloudFront is their content-delivery network,
and this is a global-delivery network that is on the edge,
so let's go over to the CDN.
So down under Networking, we can look at CloudFront,
and what we want to do is create a distribution for this particular bucket.
So clicking Get Started, the name of the bucket is wiredbrain,
and we're going to leave the rest of the settings as the defaults.
So we're going to scroll down and create this distribution.
Now this will take a few minutes, maybe 15 minutes.
You can see it's enabled for wiredbrain.
So the idea is that we've got a distribution,
in a sense a caching-distribution network in front of this
bucket that's going to speed up access,
working in conjunction with Route 53 to say,
oh you're there?
Oh, I will distribute this to you.
Notice that the region is global, so if I click the drop-down,
it's beyond, it's above, it's in the edge.
It's not a specific region service,
so we don't select a region because it's global.
Alright, so, now let's go and do WAF.
We go down under Security, we can see WAF.
What we'd like to do is go to the WAF, and we want to configure a web ACL,
a web ACL that's going to protect our CloudFront distribution and our bucket.
We'll give it a name.
Now as we give it a name, note that it's also giving a metric name, WiredBrain.
So this is the metric that will be created that will
actually be doing the work against this region,
against our CloudFront distribution.
Clicking Next, we can now create the condition.
So we're choosing IP addresses.
The name for this condition, let's call it IP, again CloudFront distribution.
Now we want to specify an IP version 4 address.
The address has to be in CIDR format, let's add the address,
and click IP address or range.
Let's create it.
So my match condition is now created successfully.
Now let's continue on, and now we have to define a rule.
So we're setting a rule,
when a condition originates for an IP address in our IP condition,
we'll create this.
Now, the rule's successful.
The default action, if it doesn't match, well, it will allow.
So let's Review and create, looks okay, let's Confirm and create,
so our rule is created, I'm good to go.
So my bucket is protected, even though it's behind the CloudFront distribution, this gives additional protection for a specific suspicious static IP address.